chore(README): Update dev instructions for Arch Linux users (#1195)
rommapp/romm: DEVELOPER_SETUP.md

poetry install --sync
```

> If you are on Archlinux you need to run the command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on Arch Linux or another Arch-based distro, you need to run the command as follows:
```

```sh

> # https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=296542

Reviewer 2: The info link is duplicated

Reviewer: We could also mention the open PR that, when merged, will allow us to remove this specific instruction:
https://github.com/mariadb-corporation/mariadb-connector-python/pull/29

Reviewer 2: Totally agree!

Author: oh. My bad
I forgot to remove it from behind the instruction :laughing: 
Will remove real quick
